KOGITO-8848 Added note about CloudEvent ID to Knative Custom Function (#337)
kiegroup/kogito-docs: serverlessworkflow/modules/ROOT/pages/core/custom-functions-support.adoc

[NOTE]
====

> {product_name} generates a CloudEvent ID based on the `source` and the workflow instance ID. In case you decide to set an ID, {product_name} will use it and you must ensure it's unique.

Reviewer: Are we explaining how to set such an id?

Author: Now we are :)

[NOTE]
====

> {product_name} generates a CloudEvent ID based on the `source` and the workflow instance ID. In case you decide to set an ID, {product_name} will use it and you must ensure it's unique. See below how to set a CloudEvent ID.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{product_name} generates a CloudEvent ID based on the `source` and the workflow instance ID. In case you decide to set an ID, {product_name} will use it and you must ensure it's unique. Refer to the following example on how to set a CloudEvent ID:
```
